Update release process (#465)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/releases-guidelines/02-kyma-release-process.md

    5. If tests are green, commit all jobs.

2. Once the PR is merged to master you can proceed

#### Create a release branch

>**NOTE:** a release branch needs to be created per new major / minor version. Patch releases and release candidates do not have a dedicated release branch. If this branch already exists this step will be skipped.

Create a release branch in the `test-infra` repository

    ```bash
    git fetch upstream
    git checkout --no-track -b release-{RELEASE} upstream/master
    git push -u upstream release-{RELEASE}
    ``` 

## Steps

Follow these steps to release another Kyma version. For every patch release or release candidate these steps need to be executed.

### kyma-project/test-infra

Ensure that the `prow/RELEASE_VERSION` file from the `test-infra` repository on a release branch contains the correct version to be created. If you define a release candidate version, a pre-release is created.  

1. Make sure the `RELEASE_VERSION` file includes just a single line, **without the newline character at the end**:  

        ```bash
        echo -n {RELEASE_VERSION} > prow/RELEASE_VERSION
        ```
    

> 2. If you had to change the RELEASE_VERSION create a PR to update it on the release branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you had to change the RELEASE_VERSION, create a PR to update it on the release branch.
```

> 3. Once this PR is merged you can proceed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once this PR is merged you can proceed.
```

6. Update the `RELEASE_VERSION` file to contain the next patch RC1 version on the release branch. Do it immediately after the release, otherwise, any PR to a release branch overrides the previously published Docker images.

   For example, if the `RELEASE_VERSION` file on the release branch contains `1.4.1`, change it to `1.4.2-rc1`.

7. Validate the `yaml` and changelog files generated under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases).

8. Update the release content manually with links to:

   - Instructions on local Kyma installation
   - Instructions on cluster Kyma installation
   - Release notes

   For installation instructions, use the links from the previous release and update the version number in URLs. If contributors want you to change something in the instructions, they would address you directly. Contact technical writers for the link to release notes.

9. Create a new sheet in the [Release Testing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ty3OciQzgzv0GagTG2Dku9os2AfMupbGNf8QxjHaO88)
   >**NOTE:** Make sure that you are not signed in with your SAP Google Account

>    1. Open the `Main`

Reviewer: the **main** ? 
main view/section? 
also UI elements should be in bold :)

>    2. Click the `generate new sheet` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Click the **generate new sheet** button.
```

>    3. it will ask you for a github personal access token. This token does not need any additional scopes!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. You will be asked for a GitHub personal access token. This token does not need any additional scopes!
```

> **NOTE:** After the Kyma release is complete, proceed with [releasing Kyma CLI](/guidelines/releases-guidelines/03-kyma-cli-release-process.md).

> ## Post Release Tasks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Post-release tasks
```

6. Update the `RELEASE_VERSION` file to contain the next patch RC1 version on the release branch. Do it immediately after the release, otherwise, any PR to a release branch overrides the previously published Docker images.

   For example, if the `RELEASE_VERSION` file on the release branch contains `1.4.1`, change it to `1.4.2-rc1`.

7. Validate the `yaml` and changelog files generated under [releases](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases).

8. Update the release content manually with links to:

   - Instructions on local Kyma installation
   - Instructions on cluster Kyma installation
   - Release notes

   For installation instructions, use the links from the previous release and update the version number in URLs. If contributors want you to change something in the instructions, they would address you directly. Contact technical writers for the link to release notes.

9. Create a new sheet in the [Release Testing](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ty3OciQzgzv0GagTG2Dku9os2AfMupbGNf8QxjHaO88)
   >**NOTE:** Make sure that you are not signed in with your SAP Google Account

>    1. Open the **Main** sheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Open the **Main** sheet.
```
